Produce consume tutorial in scala (#459)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/produce-consume-lang/scala/markup/dev/3_1-schema-case-class.adoc

> As discussed earlier, our schema will be represented by case classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use case classes to represent Book records in our Scala code.
```
